---
info:
id: {{DATE:YYYYMMDDHHmmss}}
tags: 书 
---
---
作者：[[尼采]]
# 简介
<% tp.file.cursor(3) %>
# 历史作用
<% tp.file.cursor(4) %>

---
## How is Nietzsche idea related to Enlightenment and other intellectual?

The main idea of thus spoken Zarathustra, is "superman". Zarathustra, who lived in a cave for ten years, was in fact Nietzsche himself. Nietzsche believed that he was Zarathustra, that is, Superman, who descended to the ground.

Firstly, Nietzsche inherent some degree of the spirit of progressing from Enlightenment, and dialectics from Hegel.  According to Nietzsche, what superman is to man, is equivalent to what man is to animals. He believed that "man is a rope, tied between animal and super man-a rope over a abyss(86)". Here we can see that Nietzsche inherited part of the "evolutionary theory". Although his evolution is not "survival of the fittest", but a kind of spiritual self-transcendence. He loves some man, not because they are divine, but because they are evil; not because they are religious, but because they are profane. because they are destroying themselves,  they are creating. This product is the "superman". Here we can see the light of the dialectic. He also inherits from the Enlightenment critique of religion. He says, "The superman is the meaning of the earth"(84), instead of heaven. He condescendingly criticizes all the old authorities, the supreme being, the old values and "truth", and metaphysics. He regards these as "dragon". He wants to liberate man from being the heavy-burdened camel and make them become a lion "who wants to conquer his freedom and be master in his own desert"(97). Finally, he want a transformation from lion to child, who is a new beginning, a sacred Yes.

Nevertheless, what occupies the main body should obviously be his deviation from the first two. He betrayed the pursuit of nature in the Enlightenment and turned to Romanticism. His philosophy was full of idealism. All his subversions were carried out in his own mind. He completed the subversion before descending to the ground -- just like Zarathustra. Zarathustra is so detached from the actual life that could not convince the masses and was reviled by the mass like the tightrope walker.  So it was with Nietzsche.


在 on the thousand and one goals, 他把不同民族评判善恶的不同观点，看作这些民族相互竞争的动因，这是完全唯心主义的。

## 三段变化
巨龙：“你应当”；狮子：“你要”
